kicks it up miss area
sixteen area which which we did of
t-swift
quick journey reggae it's like Joe is
filming the whole gig fast-paced filled
with a lot of receivers are total
joyride hey Edwin rushing trail
incorrectness ik happiness volcanic a
family
Archie same cheese same feeling of the
SATs Vida here they just went off just
like this it was the whole shooting was
magical it was beautiful muchacha que
torrent which meat here they which
Tamara was above the committee or thirty
at the hedge okay quick film job they
promote they claim basically have to
promise me dick about film deco game or
Joe marry Duryodhan a myriad a for
related to the shooting of cake hey oh
whoa
Unni Adam Kennedy a shaman has
additional both shaman hey Mukunda
shaman hey archana puran singh Jamila
randeep hooda hey nawazuddin head of
Osiris actors hey or
Masaya bodhichitta - key person like
making cheese as Jesus is the materia
cake joe-joe be muchacha lactic are not
difficult in obviously France but they
have to love the film is about fans so
Friday Sunday San Diego are doing it
because they've liked the teasers and
the promos and the songs so Friday
Saturday Sunday but then the film has
the end business of the film has got to
be a very substantial substantial amount
where people actually take this film and
and they like you so much that they make
it break all records that is the end
business as is the only kick that we are
going to get and if they didn't like the
promos if they didn't like the film they
will go and watch another fan of mine
they were not gonna watch this film it
is also they also have to understand him
okay it costs a lot of money to go and
watch a film that your whole day goes
and watching a film so it's they also
have to be sensible only if you feel
that you like the promos you feel that
you've liked the film or gonna go
urgency in film they make me a very cup
of I shake intent a can maybe from a
chill at the air may even taken I the
visa fee never useful Nimisha Sarika
tell all my interviews